docs: Consolidate pages for access user management (#168)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/faq.mdx

Your VPC can set up rules to limit any other access. Note: We require the `X-Organization-Id` and `X-Tenant-Id` headers to be allowed to be passed through to the backend service. These are used to determine which organization and workspace (previously called "tenant") the request is for.

## *Resource requirements for the application?*

* In kubernetes, we recommend a minimum helm configuration which can be found in [here](https://github.com/langchain-ai/helm/blob/main/charts/langsmith/examples/medium_size.yaml). For docker, we recommend a minimum of 16GB of RAM and 4 CPUs.
* For Postgres, we recommend a minimum of 8GB of RAM and 2 CPUs.
* For Redis, we recommend 4GB of RAM and 2 CPUs.
* For Clickhouse, we recommend 32GB of RAM and 8 CPUs.

## SAML SSO FAQs

### *How do I change a SAML SSO user's email address?*

Some identity providers retain the original `User ID` through an email change while others do not, so we recommend that you follow these steps to avoid duplicate users in LangSmith:

> 1. Remove the user from the organization (see [here](/langsmith/set-up-a-workspace#manage-users))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Remove the user from the organization (see the [manage users](/langsmith/set-up-a-workspace#manage-users) page for details)
```

2. Change their email address in the IdP

> 3. Have them login to LangSmith again via SAML SSO - this will trigger the usual [JIT provisioning](#just-in-time-jit-provisioning) flow with their new email address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Have them log in to LangSmith again via SAML SSO - this will trigger the usual [JIT provisioning](#just-in-time-jit-provisioning) flow with their new email address
```
